DOC-3367: Added v22.1.0-beta.4 release note (#13699)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/releases/v22.1/v22.1.0-beta.4.md

## v22.1.0-beta.4

Release Date: April 26, 2022

{% include releases/release-downloads-docker-image.md release=include.release %}

<h3 id="v22-1-0-beta-4-backward-incompatible-changes">Backward-incompatible changes</h3>

> - A user can no longer define the subdirectory of their full backup. This deprecated syntax can be enabled by changing the new `bulkio.backup.deprecated_full_backup_with_subdir` [cluster setting](../v22.1/cluster-settings.html) to true. [#80145][#80145]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can no longer define the subdirectory of their full backup. This deprecated syntax can be enabled by changing the new `bulkio.backup.deprecated_full_backup_with_subdir` [cluster setting](../v22.1/cluster-settings.html) to `true`. [#80145][#80145]
```
